Well I agree in part but I suppose my impression is that if you define ‘lessons learned’ as places where people have actually changed their minds, there were very few lessons learned because I think people in Silicon Valley didn't change their minds on very many substantive things at all. The sort of the way I'd slightly reframe the question Reid posed is is how should we think about the nature of technological and scientific progress? And how it is happening? And there are a lot of different ways to describe this but I would suggest you can have sort of a basic tripartite division that part of it is accelerating which is the sort of official Silicon Valley, that's the Google propaganda, technology is accelerating, it's going faster, science is great, it's making, it's progressing at a you know, incredible pace. There's an inequality version, which you know where you know it's leading to sort of a more unequal world and but then there's also a stagnation version, which is that the future isn't happening at all. And I think there's some truth to all three to you know acceleration, inequality and stagnation but I think the the stagnation issue question is one that we don't think enough about in Silicon Valley, where we tend to have this debate that's a narrow debate between inequality and acceleration and uh. And the way you know the way I would describe what's been happening is that we've had sort of a narrow cone of progress around computers, IT, the internet, the world of bits. Um the world of atoms has seen much less progress. And so when you know when we were undergraduates at Stanford in the in the late 80s you know the the one good field to study would have been computer science. Just about all the engineering fields that people studied at the time were bad fields. Who didn't want to major in electrical engineering, you know aerospace was catastrophic I mean nothing already by then people figured out not to do nuclear engineering and you go down down the list and that we were in a world where there was not that much progress in the world of atoms, only in the world of bits. And that this sort of stagnation which runs very much counter to this you know official propaganda of acceleration that dominates Silicon Valley. It's reflected in stagnant wages, it's reflected in the ways in which the millennial generation has lower expectations than their baby boomer parents and. And I think this is a you know this is a very big, eh big part of the the story we need to talk about and. And you know even even if you think about more local politics like the state of California it's close to bankrupt as a state. And and so it's amazing that we have this incredible tech thing going on in Silicon Valley and if you go east of it just to the East Bay across the Bay Bridge or the Dumbarton bridge, you're in this you know in this basically failing, this failing state that you know in the next recession probably will go broke. And so that there is sort of a question how to how to scale this. I do think that you know on the rough political mapping I would give on this tripartite division is you know the the centrist establishment this country is accelerationist, that would be Clinton that would be you know the Bush family, you know Obama was broadly in that camp. There's sort of a non-establishment left that would be inequality which was the Sander’s line, and then and then you know the non-establishment right which Trump represented was the things that that's stagnation, so make America great again is very offensive to Silicon Valley because you're telling people in Silicon Valley that you're not, that the future is not progressing. And then and then the substantive question that I think it would be good for us to find a way to discuss more is is how fast is the future progressing? Is it progressing in a in a positive direction? how much this is really happening? And it doesn't show up in the macroeconomic data it doesn't show up in the productivity numbers and that's I think that's I think sort of one of the one of the kinds of things that that you know we need to engage more. By the way I want to echo with the what you know all the speakers at the beginning said about the importance of having these debates and conversations. I think that I think there's always you know a tendency for us to reduce the other side to a caricature of itself and there's of course a way this can get done a lot in US politics at this time. We sort of straw man the arguments, you you pick out the weakest point, you make fun of that. And what I what I think we should always try to do is is find ways to to steel man the arguments which is the opposite of straw man. We should take the arguments of our opponents and try to make them given the strongest construction possible so we understand them as well as we possibly can. 